README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h1>
    Albert Heijn API Wrapper
  </h1>
  </br>
  <p>
    <!-- Badges here -->
  </p>
</div>

Node.js API wrapper for [Albert Heijn](https://www.ah.nl/).

This package is still a work in progress.

## Installation
```sh
npm install albert-heijn-wrapper
```
or
```sh
yarn add albert-heijn-wrapper
```
then
```javascript
import { AH } from 'albert-heijn-wrapper';
```

## Usage
```javascript
// Creates AH object, set verbose=true if you want to see all requests
const ah = new AH(verbose);
// Gets product as reponse from ID
const product = await ah.product().getProductFromId(200486);
```

### Functions
#### Products
```javascript
AH.product().getProductFromId(productId);
AH.product().getProductsFromName(productName, sort, filter);
AH.product().getFirstProductFromName(productName, sort, filter);
```

#### Stores
```javascript
AH.store().getStoresFromLocation(latitude, longitude, maxResults);
AH.store().getClosestStoreFromLocation(latitude, longitude);
```

### Advanced usage
Every request can also be provided with additional headers and queries.

## Auth
Unfortunately, it is not possible to log in with your personal AH account (as of yet), which means you won't be able to access your orders.

Commit message:

Added more product filters, added recipes (& filters), updated readme

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h1>
    Albert Heijn API Wrapper
  </h1>
  </br>
  <p>
    <!-- Badges here -->
  </p>
</div>

Node.js API wrapper for [Albert Heijn](https://www.ah.nl/).

This package is still a work in progress.

## Installation
```sh
npm install albert-heijn-wrapper
```
or
```sh
yarn add albert-heijn-wrapper
```
then
```javascript
import { AH } from 'albert-heijn-wrapper';
```

## Usage
```javascript
// Creates AH object, set verbose=true if you want to see all requests
const ah = new AH(verbose);
// Gets product as reponse from ID
const product = await ah.product().getProductFromId(200486);
```

### Functions
#### Products
```javascript
AH.product().getProductFromId(productId);
AH.product().getProductsFromName(productName, sort, filter);
AH.product().getFirstProductFromName(productName, sort, filter);
```

#### Stores
```javascript
AH.store().getStoresFromLocation(latitude, longitude, maxResults);
AH.store().getClosestStoreFromLocation(latitude, longitude);
```

#### Recipes
```javascript
AH.recipe().getRecipeFromId(recipeId);
AH.recipe().getRecipeFromName(recipeName, filter, sort);
AH.recipe().getFirstRecipeFromName(recipeName, filter, sort);
```

### Filtering and sorting
#### Products
It is possible to use certain product filters and sort options, these are provided via the ``ProductFilter`` and ``ProductSortOptions`` interface and enum respectively. The following sort options are available for products: relevant, price descending, price ascending. Products can also be filtered by brand (name), type (number), properties (described in ``ProductPropertyFilter``) and whether they are currently in the bonus or not.

#### Recipes
It is possible to use certain recipe filters and sort options, these are provided via the RecipeFilter and RecipeSortOptions interface and enum respectively. The following sort options are available for products: newest, relevant, rating, preperation time. Recipes can also be filtered via enums, namely ``OftenUsedRecipeFilterOptions``, ``CourseRecipeFilterOptions``, ``DishTypeRecipeFilterOptions``, ``ContentRecipeFilterOptions``, ``WishesRecipeFilterOptions``, ``SpecialOccasionRecipeFilterOptions``, ``SeasonRecipeFilterOptions``, ``TechniqueRecipeFilterOptions`` and ``KitchenOriginRecipeFilterOptions``.

### Advanced usage
Every request can also be provided with additional headers and queries.

## Auth
Unfortunately, it is not possible to log in with your personal AH account (as of yet), which means you won't be able to access your orders.
